Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
So I'd like to quickly like the last two percent of the major contributors who are here today, who are here today, and both in the presentation, and Robert Craig, who has created a center for the House Fund, a home for individual conservation service centers.
Let's hear a good question.
a wonderful operation, as I say.
It's having an impact on the health of the country when it's made.
I think that people both are also here in Washington, where I think it's a model example.
a federal operation that has a real national impact and use against the private countries.
Now, the Rivers of the America Celebration documentation ever a new project that we've developed by the American Social Life Center,
also required funding to be sent to the Kentucky Health Company represented today by Ariel Kaplan.
Our contributions haven't started, but I'd also like to invite any of our five or six of prisoners here today who want to support the project to make the tax considered tax substance contributions to the Senate.
John Colbert is a graduate of the details, or he doesn't have any kind of relatives, so in other words.
He plays for Latin style, which is a worthy cause for the future.
60 of that version of the Rivers of the American Book Review tells the filmmaker, one of the important books in American culture,
And I guess, of course, if I tell you something of the important books in my own room, my father was a neighbor at Memphis College.
... ... ...
It was wonderful to see that it was all about it, because it wasn't underlining, it wasn't cheaper underlining.
And I'm going to start thinking about this.
My brother, who wrote about this book, written a book that's known for the series of most powerful bridges,
and that's always fantastic.
It's really an annual program that comes to Columbia University.
adjusting to the ruler and both the dance and the tradition kind of represents sort of convenience for history of America and also thought about the challenge.
But I also remember my academic field in the Russian field and it's interesting that it's been a great effort on the price of a two-day point.
Publications that really didn't feel like .
.
It's a powerful, powerful story.
which fortunately we still think i was one of primarily in this country and uh it's really a great epic project
.
Thank you all.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Billion, who has left.
We hope they'll be able to talk a lot later.
It's interesting, at one point we didn't make last night and haven't made yet, was the first thought of the river series.
You know, many of you know that she was thinking of rivers of the world, and Dr. Billion ends up talking about broken.
And gosh, maybe we should have an international part to argue about it.
We're now going to shift gears just slightly, and I would like to ask for the authors of the Rivers books who are here to come and join me on the platform, if that's okay, because what we'd like to have is a discussion for a little while about the Rivers books from the author's perspective.
And after that, we will take a break and continue with the program.
But I have my list, so I can do this quite easily.
I just want to invite Mike Clark, Wilma, Jim, Dunn,
Bill Ellen, Richard Matthews, and Margaret is here.
Come on up here, so we can get your remarks and have a discussion with me about being an author of .
Take a minute and let you all up here.
Well, I should say that the idea here is to keep this as informal as we can, and I'm not asking anybody to give any speech at all.
I don't object when I'm not asking.
And I'm also going to be helped, and I'm looking in the audience at Carol and at David Taylor and at Peter Barton in the back, who know many of you folks that have talked to you, for some questions and to ask you a little along.
to get on the record for us is how each of you first got involved in writing the book, whether you took the initiative as we heard last night in a couple of cases, you were asked, or how it happened that you became a Rivers of America author.
Maybe Richard, we can start all the way down to the end with the author of the book that perhaps was most recently published.
No, I'll do myself.
Yeah, there's a book that I wrote about the Utah River in Alaska.
I had done some writing mostly to deliver, recording for magazines, actually.
But I know it's been an interesting while in the country, and I wanted some way to get to the last family.
So I noticed it's the, somehow I had a copy of some of the series, but I noticed this big gap.
the Yukon River, which probably trained in the Kansas State of North America, wasn't on it.
And so I simply contacted a post, and over at that point, I've written a long article on a river that runs through Ontario, across Ontario,
We took the initiative and they agreed.
I was a local person after having done the book.
So, on and on, I worked with Fisherman and was up and down the coast.
She was not every case in her senior 20 years.
You know, another favorite center for the book, a project called Books That Made a Difference, and we go around the country interviewing people about books that made a difference in their lives and why, what that difference was, and I guess Richard states that his writing that book made a huge difference in his life because
I guess it kept you going in your adventurous spirit, but also helped cause you to .
That's a pretty good attitude.
That's a good attitude.
Thank you.
Dale, do you want to have a like question about how each person seems to write a title?
Okay.
I had done a little contact with Karl Kammer over this year, but he had done a good review of the first book, and then we were trying to pull on this.
So even if we move forward just a little bit, there's more light, there's light, there we go.
So this project came up, and I'm sure he checked with all of the habits that we knew well.
And so he just wrote a letter that invited me to the book.
I moved back and I said that I was pretty as... I was thinking of calling him, but I kind of said, oh, and so I put him a letter.
And I said that I was delighted to continue the post, that he had been instructions.
And it goes back about a free sentence that we found, which was the writing that you're going to do the book.
And I add to the letter about the instructions, stay very close to the river.
Too well by the city, that's where the book started.
That's very nice, isn't it?
Make it a literary book.
And, uh, since you were yours.
And you said, okay.
Yes, and a little time you said, I won't do that.
I'm terrible.
How long did you work on that post?
Oh, that's the only, it was a post of some of it.
It's going to be right to have a man's goodbye and a post.
What?
It was a horrendous deadline.
Yeah.
And as you know, as Carol knows, I think we kept hearing letters of, I won't call it prodding, but .
A polite reminder of where you stand now.
She was Bella Jean Crockett, a wonderful editor in the United States.
And she was very gentle, very thorough.
I am not a Ph.D., and I did follow the style of Dr. Xavier, and so she was very thorough in that practice.
You know, we've learned in talking to folks the important roles of Charles Farmer and the Stephen Crawford, and I think I would encourage any of our authors and illustrators to have to say about either of these folks or anyone else they work with.
We have another perspective of Herger and Carol's research and enthusiasm and continue to build the records of this wonderful research.
Well, my
The beginnings of the American River were on a very new October day.
I had gone for a year to be my friend, a first day historian in the Civil War and the American Revolution.
And we've been corresponding for a number of years, and this was the first year.
And Hayes Barnes, who was working with our kids on a book about the dark town, of course, the surrender and all that.
So that was one of his revolutionary work, probably.
I was working for a new project.
I had just changed about six months before.
Two-line biography of Robert and Lee.
I've had worked on it for six and a half years, and I was hoping to edit something that was different.
So after the amenities and readings in the office, Burke said to me, how would you like to write a river book?
It was a totally new idea, and it was very appealing after months and months and years in archives with him, civil war material, material about leaving his family and so on.
But I didn't want to tell him to do it.
And it seems that Kate Barnes, which had proposed for David, that he writes a book for the written series on your written.
And I recall very well, he said, well, I think I'll do it if I get time.
And he already was into a couple more books.
He was very worried, very terrible.
So, we discussed the idea of a river.
He said, over and out of which you would like something, a river in the West, and you can't remember why you may use something in your own state or close by.
And he did suggest the Snake River, which is part of this enormous river, enormous and long, starting in the peaks of, well, the range is beyond the key time.
to recommend, and coming all the way to Georgia, Columbia, to be a witness.
It was an appealing idea, but I had not been there for that country at the time, so I couldn't say it's .
At the end of it, we talked a good deal about rumors and the importance of rumors and the meaning of the historical value.
So I said, well, I'll go back to tell if I'm going to go back home.
I'll look around and see what we have there
and what could be very interesting.
So this night held over four months in my mind.
So this was done, and after I, we went and saw the vast extent of the St.
Burford, which was a huge project.
It's not only physically huge, but the history of it.
So, anyway, I sort of put that in the back of my mind and decided to have closed his home.
And suddenly I realized, almost in my back door, was the American earth.
I didn't think of that as much as possible.
And so then I began to do some research on the American University and went up there and did a few research and walked and moved and there's a few people and went into a few archives and I decided
that the American might not be as bad as the country.
Certainly, and historically, the importance of it, because the discovery rules in 1848 and 1849 were changed from a hard time.
And there was no other river in America that I knew of that had such a reason as the American people.
And we in California were aware that it was all around us, but we were not thinking of a concern of world history.
But when you felt the thing that
Outside of the crusade, the rest of the road race in California in 1849 is the greatest voluntary migration to the world.
And so that to me was just what I said.
So I wrote that to your face after the war.
And I learned one who was thinking about this and said, I'm not going to be safe, but I'm going to be American.
And he said, I will introduce you to Faith Barnes if you desire to deliver.
So I said, I would like to talk to him.
And so he put us in contact.
I wrote an order and gave her some idea of what I'm feeling about the importance of it.
Because I think most people think that it's a real, very world important.
So this is how it happened.
And maybe it was apparently very briefly compared to what I would suggest to follow the idea of the pattern.
and asked me to sort of put it into a little essay form, not very long, to take, to submit to Carl Farmer, because at that time, he had a task on it, and he comes, I was, we keep talking about how,
And yes, they would like to help.
And so that's how I started.
And I was about three years researching the field and studying the Indians.
And I decided to do something like this.
as of major importance, he was through the background.
And so I went very early to the geology, and not just in a thriving street, but something that the layman will understand and enjoy, but factual, totally.
So he has the beginnings, the geological beginnings, he has the Indians and their ground.
The first of the occasions we came in here, it was not always us, it was originally people, pioneers who were after where we were, and then of course the road.
You gave us your interpretation.
One of the reasons, of course, that writers were preferred in the beginning was that writers were more likely to give that cultural interpretation of the research that they do.
Also, I should point out that Kate is here, and we're going to get her perspective on and see some of the letters.
Thank you, Mark.
Again, if you'd like to tell us a little bit about how you guys are going to go.
When I was born, I was too small to go on the safe part of it.
And so we camped in the area.
My father had an interest in outdoor rivers and how far it is.
He was a boy scout he had to do.
He was in Minnesota.
He came to Philadelphia, but he wanted to live, when he came in Philadelphia from Philadelphia, he wanted to live on a river like the Whistaria that's outside of Philadelphia.
That's the hill where he was born.
So when I was old enough not to fall off with maybe the age of three,
And we moved out from this room to the St.
Prairie.
And we bought property, built cabins, two cabins.
One and the second ones came away from it.
And we lived on the St.
Prairie.
I'd take off my shoes with shoes after smooth and take off.
And put them back on together, go down to the river and wash the shoes, put the shoes back on in the fall.
So we had a great life at that time.
I think I was my father's favorite because it seems to me a diary he said about
I seem to be the one who ended up always with him going someplace.
So, I have an inborn interest.
Another self-collector.
I continued to enjoy the river life, and I went away to school and to Hamilton College and graduated.
And at Hamilton, I had a very proud honor for a few years when I graduated, early graduate in 1912.
Yeah.
I haven't been here then, but later, he became very close friends.
Because for seven years, I was in Cooperstown, New York.
I was at the Library of the American Native Historical Association, and took part in seminars on American culture.
He's still working for a whole course, I guess, and right there.
Now, I'm connecting with local universities.
So, I had been born in this, and I had saved my father's chickens.
He really loved to sing for everything.
And I was at Cooperstown, and he finally came to me, and the invitation was to go to Minnesota.
That's kind of library, the Minnesota District Center.
And when Maria and I, my wife and I were living in St.
Paul, we heard that Carl Caron was going to come to the Allison College to give a lecture.
Well, no, I've got to backtrack just a little.
When I was in Cooperstown, Carl was the hand of people like Carl, Henry Vestin, Harold Thompson, he didn't write a record of his book, unfortunately.
There were others who were on the staff, but he started the society at the time and so on.
And at that time, I was known to be governor of Eddie and Carl Carmel.
And when we were there, I said, how would you like to be here?
which was the joy of receiving and looking at a book about the Strait of the River.
We knew nothing about it.
I said, where is it?
I said, there's a brand new thing.
When it is, let me know.
You didn't say the border river or the midway?
No.
The fact that we earlier had a new day are different things.
Anyway,
We moved to St.
Paul to John Denison Library at the Minnesota State of the Society.
I heard that Charles was going to come up to my house too, so I wrote him a letter and asked him to eat his coffee in his apartment.
And he came at a nice visit in the closing, and I said, do you remember about eight years ago or six years ago?
I had asked you about the same order.
Well, here it is.
And I finished it.
And about six weeks, two months later, I got a telegram saying, so I just fell into it.
Yeah.
On the issue, he said, well, here it is.
I thought you were pointing to her about it.
Yeah, well, here it is.
I guess we have.
And so, moving from there on.
who worked on it, I'll never forget the, Carl's Attitude, and Jane Crawford.
She was, and I knew she helped me.
She got coffee in two or three rooms, and I'd have gotten them with friends, but any other ever.
It was a thorough chemistry problem.
For instance, the territorial prison, the sizable place, the history of it.
She said, you know, I could, you've got it in the square.
feet or yards or something out of the size of it, he said, I could put that in my living room.
So, if I should do that, it would come out.
I owe a great deal to the people who are catching movies like that.
I also owe them even more of the death to the Esther of Minnesota's people.
She was a close friend.
She and her brother, her husband, Don, were my best friends, our best friends.
And he, in fact, Don was the one who took her last chapter with me for a trip from the source of the things where so-and-so comes down to
After reading the manuscript, she was my manager.
After changing the manuscript,
offered to look at the manuscript and criticize it she really criticized she said aren't you going to write anything about this council you know the river has two sides somehow
Also, she said, well, what are you going to do?
Are you going to tell the story of every prisoner that ever went into a paranoid prison?
So, I owe a great deal to the criticism and the guidance of Carl, of Gene Crawford, and a few American folks.
Also, the fact that
are the president of the director of the Historic Society allowed me to do what I wanted to do and take the time I wanted to take.
Because the Minnesota Historic Society wanted the public to vote for me.
And I went to Russell Fridley and said, do you mind if I submit it to Carl Abedon's permission?
And he said, no, but whatever is best for you.
And when the acceptance came, I telephoned Russell, told him, and he said, it's fine.
It was beautiful.
And so I owe the freedom I had to do research at the Historical Society as a librarian to really, and I did things that I shouldn't have done, I suppose.
Well, we better stop here.
Anyway, I can tinkle just about anything I want to do with work on the chapter 3.
And so, it became a couple of years ago.
And I think it was a wonderful story.
Of course, it started society then in 1979.
Well, reprints are something we're going to talk about this afternoon.
Reprints, where we go from here, what are some of the other things we can be encouraging in a way to reprint and move rivers, perhaps, to the new government, and perhaps new book series.
Thank you.
Wilma, I'm going to turn to Wilma Dyson now, and later, Wilma, I want you to tell the direct version of the story that I'd like to tell last night about how we did it.
But now, we'd like you to tell us about how you first...
proposed i think i know it's part of the story not because fred rogers was involved indeed i did propose it grew out of the pit my husband and i had made from across the country in a little brown board convertible go to town the rivers of america book
beginning with the Huntson and then going on to two of my favorites at that time, the Powder River, Lent of Fuck, and Frank Wappers, the Comorados.
And both of those books captured the areas of the place, not just the history, which was good, not just the boat roar, which was interesting, but they captured the whole country of that river.
Wow.
So when we came home, after wandering around and enjoying the trip and enjoying these rivers' books, my husband, Jim, came to me one day.
He was interested in writing.
We wrote three books together eventually, and we wrote 10 books together.
We researched it together.
And he said, you know, if you were born and was always lived in Asheville, North Carolina, where the French frog rises, I've always lived in East Tennessee, here in Knoxville, where the French frog, who was born from the Tennessee River, why don't you write a book about the French frog?
Well, I'm not getting any books.
I've written these stories that aren't supposed to have been published, but I really like this idea because I've always loved history.
I grew up in a household, and a lot of the New Yorkers are always trying to understand some of the history, and I'm not going to be able to watch them.
I always didn't understand a lot of history.
I didn't really propose to tell you something about life.
And I love history.
So I thought this would be good because I'm not a formal historian.
I don't have a PhD, but I really like history and I like stories.
So I wrote a letter to Ryan Hart.
At that time, it was Ryan Hart.
And so I wrote this letter, and I said, wouldn't you like to rule about the French Wall?
You see, I didn't know they were so provincial, but I didn't know it was a river.
And I made it even worse.
I compounded my error.
I said, I have done a good deal of research on the subject, and I'm not going to fall.
Well, I just told them later that it caused a lot of merit in the office, and there was a secretary, I think there was a secretary there, and she was in Asheville, she'd gone to see Thomas Will's home in the Biltmore Estate, and she said, no, I think this woman's writing about the river, right?
it was a rejection and they said no we have published books about the major rivers and we're not going to do any about the smaller rivers well right there i was and then of course
They left a little crack in the door.
They said, of course, we put down something about republishing about, we never know why we're going to maintain.
Well, I read that letter about Jim.
He said, well, you know, a man will look about a pond once.
One of our rivers bigger than a pond is a rejection like that when you're all weaker, you know you can either have a man who gets sad.
Well, I got that.
And I thought, you know, I'm really going to write a chapter that I discovered, this wonderful material that had never been written about great livestock rides that used to go from the great farms of Tennessee up through this now valley, thousands and thousands apart, going over to the
You know, if there's any cattle, they'd be going to take a movie of it.
If you can't make a movie, I don't have a problem.
It would be great, you know, even knowledge, agricultural, folklore, environmental, everything.
And there's one of those things.
My husband's been interested in that.
He's a wonderful people, whether it's black man, you know, some of the dogs and others.
So anyway, I wrote that chapter, and I think it, and I said, well, this is the tiny material I had in mind.
So I don't want that post-taste.
This is wonderful.
Where's the rest of the book?
The rest of the book is out there in the archives and all these things.
I've been taking them together, taking all these years.
We didn't know why.
We had no idea it would be a river book, but we made a lot.
So I did an outline, a chapter for them.
And I think it's interesting that the only chapter that they questioned in this whole outline was what I have on pollution of the river.
You realize how few of the river's books really have dealt with the pollution of the river.
And I discovered my river.
That's the wonderful thing about him.
Elijah, you have to look and listen and discover what's all around you.
And I discovered that here was this wonderful river that comes out of all the tributaries that were the national arts and part of it, one of the main tributaries, was so dead because of pollution that the lowest form of life couldn't live in it.
And that really makes you angry.
And so what to do?
I didn't even leave the contract.
I would have sent them a pint of blood if they could ask if they would reviv, if they would publish my book.
So here I was.
And they said, you know, this is going to be lively and interesting.
But really, we think that it could be a very dull chapter of what they're adding up to.
And, of course, that was in the early 50s.
We hadn't yet decided we were drinking sludge.
And so I wrote that, and I said, well, you know, I really want to do this book, and if I do it, I have to have this chapter in it, and I'll try to make it interesting.
This is your story, but it's not my story.
I'll try to make it.
I have to have about what's happening in the river, and I'll try to make it interesting, and I'll call it, who killed?
Maybe they'll think it's a murder mystery.
It's a murder.
There's no history about it.
The interesting thing about that was that eventually when the book was published, that chapter got more attention across the country than all in North Carolina, as you can imagine, the environmental world.
to San Francisco, one of the reviews there, on the editorial page.
And I remember one of the people that I got crazy along the way, actually, they were very pleased, and they said, Dr. Vincent, I'll be glad we had that chapter, and I think we'd certainly
Anyway, so after that, he said, oh, fine, if you feel it, she told me about it.
And I got a letter from my mother named Jane Crawford, and she said, Carl Conner, this is one of the things that stands out.
I published 17 books, this little phrase stands out to keep me going when, you know, somehow, somehow.
She said, Carl Conner said, you are a brilliant folklorist.
Oh, boys?
He said it was brilliant.
I was ready to accept it.
And he worked me on to do the research.
And the research took me all kinds of archives in other cities in North Carolina.
So we were the National Archives here in Washington, and I did the research on papers about the Civil War in this area, which was so divided, and things that I think have never been touched since they've been in the archives here.
But anyway, it's written down a little road
hills, hills, valleys, into the cities.
We talked to people in the towers of industry, and then we talked to people out working on their phones.
They would tell us about somebody who was shot next, having their sitting under the platter, a Democrat shot, a ripoff.
The Civil War there wasn't gone.
I mean, it just changed things.
Their history was very much there.
And so when the book was published, of course,
I've seen really close things with the conference and with Dean Crawford, and I'm so glad to hear all the comments about Dean Crawford, because she was the heart, I think, of the success of that series.
From the moment she entered that, she visited me in North Carolina and Tennessee.
We became good friends.
I saw her in Brooklyn and her apartment there.
She was meticulous and she had a knowledge of American history that was really remarkable and she was a help of all of us who were writing for her.
And I think that she cannot be praised too much.
Of course, we all loved Donald Trump.
He was the most interesting person.
He also came to Asheville and to Tennessee.
I think he wanted to just be sure that, you know, what is his life in here?
We do wear shoes, you know.
He's written that wonderful book, Stars Fall Out in Alabama.
So he had been in the South briefly, but he really did not.
And I did his name.
They're offering them a number of questions there.
And we've made great plans for them.
And Stanley Blancart, also, I got to know him very well, because he's a partner there with his mother-in-law.
And speaking of Harvey Allen, I just think it would be a little interesting footnote here, is that when Reinhart was started, of course, the mother, sons of Reinhart, and the three sons, and the depression occurred.
And one book called Reinhart and the Company, Out of the Depression.
You know what it was?
It was Herman Allen's Anthony Adverse.
And I guess that good title, Adverse, feels for people in the Depression because people could afford to write a book.
I mean, read a book, I guess, and get it from the library.
But that book,
and one other thing that we did not mention, and that is some of the illustrators of our relationships.
And then when I have one little story, you may share it about Douglas Gorsman.
Douglas Gorsman was the son-in-law of the great editor of Axel Perkins.
When my husband and I met through Thomas Wolfe's family, my husband had known Thomas Wolfe and liked to work very much, and I grew up in Asheville in Oklahoma, but we met through Thomas Wolfe.
And of course, Gordon did an illustrated edition of Thomas Wolfe's novel, A Comer and Eagle, or Cripper.
Well, when I came to my answer, I said, do you have any ideas for an illustrator?
And I said, I'll leave that in the back.
I said, get me up.
I've probably rubble the milk feathers and caused enough questions to write in the book.
And I said, I don't know anything about illustrations, thanks to you.
So then Dean Crawford told me later, she said, well, we have a wonderful place for me to illustrate your book, Douglas Corson.
Well, after Thomas Wolfe died, my husband had asked Douglas Corson had done the only portrait of Thomas Wolfe for which Thomas Wolfe ever sat.
There have been no reportage.
There's the only one he ever sat at the old Chelsea Hotel.
Douglas Corson did a great year.
got to do it because he was Thomas Wolfe.
I mean, because he was that of what Perkins came about.
Perkins had asked Wolfe if he was a kid, that he did.
Well, my husband was such an admirer for Wolfe that he asked Wolfe, right after Wolfe said that he would be able to copy of that portrait for him.
So, Dorsten gives a copy of his portrait of Wolf, the Greek portrait is in the home of Monterey, at the harbour, the copy.
And so, anyway, he had done this.
So then when they sent him his manuscript, Dean Crawford said,
He came down in the college and he said, well, this is a really interesting manuscript.
And he said, I just wonder, he said, the only person I know is a young man who lives in Tennessee named Jim Stokely.
And I wonder if this woman from Asheville, Lilla Dauphin, if they had happened to have met because she writes about the world in the book.
And she said, yes, they met, indeed they are married.
Well, he was astonished.
And the only two people I know, they're working on a book that's been a book of them, you know, pictures, therefore, both of them.
One other story, Jim said, when he brought his original sketches now to show them what he intended to do then for the French prom that they would gather to edit his prom.
You know, the editors would gather there, and he set up the easels.
Here was a picture, a Daisy May picture, walking down the mountain road, looking over her back, and across it, it says,
and immediately he said well maybe you i did do an alternative and so then he turned it off of course it's the one that came out
The great loss of my life is, can you imagine why I did not ask for that original cover that doesn't source me from?
And it's been one of the greatest fairs in my life.
Oh, it's always been very nice.
It's just something in my book.
It's the length from the determinants of purpose.
Somebody said, you know, Wendell Miner, or Wendell Miner, just had a new theater in New York.
There's a cover of that.
And it would take you to all the TV, hopefully, from which that cover was made.
But I never got to worry about it.
We're going to turn to Dr. Clark, from whom we heard last night, and now he's going to be focused on.
When the Prince Ball came out, I was headed to a general celebration.
And my husband came up with the Prince Ball and he said, I want to ask you, Prince William had just started publishing books about women.
I got into this river business.
through the back door, I think.
I'm sure I'd read Constance Blaine and Skinner's essay, which appeared in the first five, I'm reading, of the river books.
And that's all that self-conscious, the fact that she, uh, very often limited to her story.
I was riding one day with Constance Lewis, as I told her last night.
We were driving down the power train in Camp Maryland.
And I said, you know, I'd like to move forward to doing the concussion.
But it's all for me, excuse me.
It's all for me to have a place.
She said, well, I'm on the guy you'd like to do in Ohio.
If you want to do this in Kentucky, I will ride down the path.
And she did.
And I had a letter from John asking me if I would send my book, the round-faging frontier, just in book, asking me to send copies of that book.
And right as Steve mentioned, Renee DeRoger, a very good book, a reveal of that book.
And in the same way, I got the contract for her baby.
I never saw a correspondent in any way in the U.S.
Congress.
As a matter of fact, I don't think she ever knew about the protection.
You can tell me the river is a tremendous, very interesting stream that you may go outside of it.
And I stand on the bridge sometimes and frankly, and look at the flow of that stream, gently drifting down between North and South states.
The state, only by every power, and knowledge, right across the street, goes off of so much diverse humanity in Kentucky.
It's a heartland river, despite its location within the same state.
The river, they come down, off the hills, almost to the streets of blood flowing out of the river.
go down off the hills where they once stood the most magnificent sand of working timber, and all the world, I should say, the signals timber, and all the world.
Down that tree with the mountaineers, mountaineers that risked their lives,
and sold that birthright of timber for almost the best of honey.
But in and around, that came down, personalities.
Personalities who never get any babies from American Indians.
Never the best people.
They were, I want to play a tribute to one soul who never, never,
crazy to get on the face of this man.
A man called, I never know, I don't know what he's saying, what first name he was, if he had a first name.
Turtle neck, ever so.
Turtle had a neck about that long.
And I had a hard time finding it.
All these people told me about Turtle neck.
Where could I go out of Turtle neck?
I called the police chief of Stryford and asked him if he knew of a man named Kirkland Everson.
And he said, wait a minute, we just turned him out of day.
I said, come and I'll take him.
Maybe we can overtake him.
He lives on a household.
And he's a customer of ours.
We got down to the river, and there was a man in a town boat, paddled down to the middle of the river, and the police priest stepped up, said, turn the boat, come back.
And on one feet, he stood up to that town boat, and looked back, and said, what in hell have I never
I hear you, President.
You're soberly in the end of the day.
I hear you, and all the wonderful stories of human beings.
You turn down, say, clarity to your mind.
and those oars on those pitchy long-range spring that one of them was out of the Appalachian Highlands.
But my river was pulled down to more than the mountains, to more than the Virgin Islands.
go down past that place, Whitehall, with that thorny pestle of Eddie's slavery, right there in the heart of the Bluegrass Cassius, Marcella's place.
It made a book with any sense.
Then there was his distant cousin, Henry Clay, his father, and actually it was great buddy, and he couldn't let him down and do it together.
There was Sam Brown,
Dr. Samuel Brown, the physician, was blown across the mountains, but any smallpox virus kept off.
He vaccinated Western civilization, Western population moving away.
And that was John Brown, who was pretty so prominent in the expansion of the Western population.
Of course, I'm overridden at this point.
In fact, the two personalities came back down to the money banks of the Kentucky.
And I started this movie book.
Daniel Moon, his favorite legend, was marching on, going stronger.
Every author that comes along,